with the release of pokemon X&Y in just
a few days there have been more leaks in
a poorly built damn in this video we're
going to be taking a look at a brand new
Pokemon and evolution and three mega
evolutions and then towards the end we
will also be discussing the final
evolutions of the Kalos starters let's
go the first Pokemon we're going to be
taking a quick look at is goomy the
Dragon type Pokemon that was leaked
earlier today this guy is adorable look
at this look at this guy look at how
happy he looks now it might just be
wishful thinking on my half because I
really like this guy but he looks like
he might possibly be the pseudo
legendary for this generation and I
would be completely okay with that I
really cannot wait to see what this guy
turns into and no matter what I am
definitely picking him up on my team
this guy is my favorite of this
generation
moving right along we get him to delete
evolution of fluffy this little girl's
name is Flo Ted and we could see that
the flower that she's been clinging onto
has turned into what seems like a
parasol I don't know why but I really
liked her design it's simple it's it
looks nice I wouldn't mind seeing what
she could turn into as long as they
don't get too crazy with it the last
thing I want is an evolution where she
starts pole dancing around that thing
taking a look at the first leaked mega
evolution we have here mega Abomasnow
now I was never a huge fan of this guy
in previous generations but this thing
looks beastly we have huge ice crystals
sticking out of its back this guy is a
monster definitely something that you
would not want to run into at any time
of the year this really shows just how
far mega evolutions can bring a Pokemon
I really like him and I know I've been
saying that a lot this whole video but
it's true they have really nice designs
this guy is definitely one to look out
for
and here we have mega ganga one of my
all-time favorite Pokemon is getting a
mega evolution and I cannot be happy now
I'm not really sure what the approach is
on this it seems as though they're
trying to manifest Ganga but that's
pretty much what happened with the
evolution between ghastly and haunting
maybe it could be that he's I don't know
digging himself into the ground trying
to ground himself in our world so he
could take on his true form but whatever
the case may be with the development of
his third eye there is very little that
could escape the gays and ghostly wrath
of Meg again and the final mega
evolution of the day belongs to
Aerodactyl mega aerodactyl looks amazing
seems that he has developed some dark
crystal maybe an onyx maybe some other
dark Monroe all around his body giving
him a very menacing a terrifying look I
love how they gave him a goatee when I
think terrorizing para tackle I think
goatee and mega aerodactyl captures that
perfectly well the funnel evolutions for
the Cal stars are out introducing
chestnut delphox and greninja now these
guys have been getting a lot of mixed
opinions about I want to talk about a
little theory that might help explain as
to why they went with this design so by
now I would have seen a fair amount of
people have known that the Kalos
starters are based off of your
traditional MMO classes just not
representing the warrior delphox
representing your mate and greninja
representing your robe so a lot of hate
for these guys seems to come from the
fact that their final evolutions don't
seem to go with the trends and patterns
set by their previous
it's a simple example of this would be
chestnuts weird coloration delphox
losing her magic wand and greninja
losing the bubbles that made froakie and
frogadier so adorably awesome the theory
is that these guys were never supposed
to have those features come their final
evolutions going back and remembering at
these guys are based off of traditional
MMO characters their final evolution
represents endgame character progression
you see that chespin has ditched a suit
of armor for a full-on tanking set
fennekin has lost her magic wand in
support of the full-fledged wizard robes
and froakie ditching the bubbles in
favor of a more streamlined and stealthy
ninja garb and that about wraps up all
the newly leaked information keep your
eyes up because I'm definitely sure that
a lot more is on its way over the next
few days overall pokemon x and y is
looking to be pretty amazing and i
cannot wait to get my hands
I've been super tendo views and thank
you all very much for watching please
keep your eyes on my channel for more
information coming ups
you